📝 Update stand-up documentation (#265)
The-Strategy-Unit/data_science: style/team.qmd

# Team work

## Slack check-ins

In advanced of the weekly stand-up, all team members share a short summary, in Slack, answering the following questions:

- ⭐ What went well last week
- 🦉 What lessons did you learn
- 🎯 Goal(s) for this week

There is also a Slack bot every Wednesday & Friday prompting a check-in. You don't have to respond to this, but it's a nice way to share any recent wins or blockers.

## Weekly stand up

Every Monday from 10:00 - 10:50 we have a team meeting.

We start with a stand-up from two team members. These are randomly selected by a bot on Slack in advance of the meeting.

> If it's your week to talk, you have 5 minutes to chat about your work. You could expand on your Slack stand-up, perhaps sharing your wins or learnings in more detail. You might also choose to share a project you are working on in, showing code or a shiny application. Chat about your weekend is also totally fine!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's your week to talk, you have 5 minutes to chat anything that matters to you. You could expand on your Slack stand-up, perhaps sharing your wins or learnings in more detail. You might also choose to share a project you are working on in, showing code or a shiny application. Chat about your weekend or an update on how you're doing or relating any domestic emergencies is also totally fine!
```

Author: I think "personal matters" rather than "domestic emergencies"?

> If it's your week to talk, you have 5 minutes to chat about your work. You could expand on your Slack stand-up, perhaps sharing your wins or learnings in more detail. You might also choose to share a project you are working on in, showing code or a shiny application. Chat about your weekend is also totally fine!

Author: ```suggestion
If it's your week to talk, you have 5 minutes to chat about anything that matters to you. You could expand on your Slack stand-up, perhaps sharing your wins or learnings in more detail. You might also choose to share a project you are working on in, showing code or a shiny application. Chat about your weekend or an update on how you're doing is also totally fine!
```
